Cs falcon enhancement (#27313)
demisto/content: Packs/CrowdStrikeFalcon/ReleaseNotes/1_10_30.md

#### Incident Fields

- New: **CrowdStrike Falcon Crawled Timestamp**
- New: **CrowdStrike Falcon Pattern ID**
- New: **CrowdStrike Falcon Detection Type**

Added the **CrowdStrike Falcon IDP Detection** incident type to the following incident fields:
- **Behaviour Objective**
- **Behaviour Scenario**
- **Behaviour Tactic**

#### Classifiers

##### CrowdStrike Falcon Incident Classifier

> - Added support for **CrowdStrike Falcon IDP Detection**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for **CrowdStrike Falcon IDP Detection**.
```

#### Mappers

##### CrowdStrike Falcon - Outgoing Mapper

> - Added support for IDP detections outgoing status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for IDP detections outgoing status.
```

##### CrowdStrike Falcon Mapper

> - Added support for IDP detections incoming incidents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for IDP detections incoming incidents.
```

#### Incident Types

> - New: **CrowdStrike Falcon IDP Detection**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New: **CrowdStrike Falcon IDP Detection**
```

#### Integrations

##### CrowdStrike Falcon

> - Note: **Detections fetch query** integration param is now called **Endpoint Detections fetch query**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the name of the **Detections fetch query** integration parameter to **Endpoint Detections fetch query**.
```

> - Note: **Incidents fetch query** integration param is now called **Endpoint Incidents fetch query**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the name of the **Incidents fetch query** integration parameter to **Endpoint Incidents fetch query**.
```

> - Note: **Detections** and **Incidents** options for **Fetch type** integration param are now called  **Endpoint Detection** and **Endpoint Incident**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the name of the **Detections** and **Incidents** options for **Fetch type** integration parameter to **Endpoint Detection** and **Endpoint Incident**.
```

> - Added **IDP Detection** option to **Fetch type** options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the **IDP Detection** option to the **Fetch type** options.
```
